Changes the maven group ID to match apache org (#2517)
openzipkin/zipkin: zipkin-autoconfigure/collector-kafka08/README.md

Fetch the latest released

> [executable jar for Zipkin server](https://search.maven.org/remote_content?g=io.zipkin.java&a=zipkin-server&v=LATEST&c=exec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[executable jar for Zipkin server](https://search.maven.org/remote_content?g=org.apache.zipkin.zipkin2&a=zipkin-server&v=LATEST&c=exec)
```

Author: there's a separate task for this, as this isn't published yet. #2513

and

> [autoconfigure module jar for the kafka collector](https://search.maven.org/remote_content?g=io.zipkin.zipkin2&a=zipkin-autoconfigure-collector-kafka08&v=LATEST&c=module).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[autoconfigure module jar for the kafka collector](https://search.maven.org/remote_content?g=org.apache.zipkin.zipkin2&a=zipkin-autoconfigure-collector-kafka08&v=LATEST&c=module).
```

Author: there's a separate task for this, as this isn't published yet. #2513
